SmartCommandLine
================

A wrapper for the clunky Windows commandline "shell" (let's be honest with ourselves, it's just DOS running in a window). 
I created it to make working with Microsoft's commandline-based checkin/build/test systems less painful (when I worked on the Bing Rewards team as an independent contractor).  

The (never realized) dream of this program would be a split-pane design, in which a Windows-Explorer-like view would always show the list of files in the current working directory. The commandline pane would change directory in response to directory changes enacted with the Explorer-like pane.

This program was created using C# WinForms, which I am particularly fond of (despite the drawback of the resulting program running on only Windows), because the code generated by the UI designer is the same language as the rest of the program (C#). This is a clear departure from the proprietary formats employed by other UI designer tools, especially others developed by Microsoft (such as WPF and Silverlight, which use XAML for defining the UI). I would like to see some of my other favorite languages/platforms (such as Objective-C/OSX or C++/Windows) follow this model. 

It would be great if this common, dis-integrated black art was no longer necessary:
Using HTML, CSS, SQL, C#(.Net)/VB(.Net)/PHP/Ruby/Java, and JavaScript to trick Web browsers into running the client-side portion of a "cloud" application (by making it "look" like nothing more than Web pages). Can we agree on just one language and be done with it already?

  